Markdown:

## Meeting Summary 

### Participants

- Aaron Peikert
- Valentin Kriegmair
- Maximilian Ernst
- Hannes Diemerling
- Mike (last name not provided)
- Anna Lumen (absent due to illness)
- Maria (equity representative, not present)

### Discussed

- **Planning for Upcoming Conferences:**

    - Need for a collective discussion about the upcoming conferences for the next year.
    - The repository of conferences needs to be updated before December.
    - A plan regarding attendance and budget needs to be made.

- **Progress on Taxonomy:**

    - Anna Lumen has been sick, resulting in no progress on the taxonomy.
    - A follow-up meeting has been scheduled for the following Monday.

- **Maximilian's Poster:**

    - Maximilian confirmed that his poster has been officially entered.

- **Equity Presentation:**

    - Maria, the equity representative, was invited to present on equity but has not responded yet.

- **Julia Workshop at the Institute:**

    - A proposal to organize a Julia workshop at the Institute, following its success in Munich.
    - Hannes provided four potential dates for the workshop: November 8th to 10th, and November 14th to 17th.

### Action Items

- Aaron will follow up with Maria regarding the equity presentation.
- Aaron will share the proposed dates for the Julia workshop with the team.
- Valentin to confirm his attendance at the next meeting via email.

### Side Comments

- Aaron noted the absence of MTI backgrounds.
- Valentin requested to join the next meeting online.
- Aaron acknowledged that the meeting was being recorded.