Markdown:

```markdown
## Meeting Summary 

### Participants

- Aaron Peikert
- Maximilian Ernst
- Mike
- Anna Lumen
- Maria (Equity Representative)

### Discussed

- **Upcoming Conferences and Repository Update:**

    - Finalize the conference plan before December for budget allocation.
    - Update the repository of conferences of interest.

- **Delay in Taxonomy Project:**

    - Delay due to Anna Lumen's illness.
    - Aaron scheduled a meeting with Anna Lumen and invited others to join.

- **Poster Confirmation:**

    - Maximilian confirmed that the poster was ready.

- **Equity Presentation:**

    - Aaron's plan to invite Maria for a presentation on equity.
    - Maria has not responded yet.

- **Julia Workshop at the Institute:**

    - Mike and Aaron's plan to organize the workshop.
    - Several dates in November were suggested.

- **"Getting Things Done" Framework:**

    - Discussion on spending time on a quick start for the framework.
    - Consideration to invite an external speaker.
    - Mentioned the release of "Getting Things Done for Teams" next year.

- **Colloquium Talk:**

    - Discussion on the possibility of giving a talk.
    - Maximilian's preference for focusing on methodological feedback.

### Action Items

- Finalize the conference plan and update the repository.
- Attend the meeting scheduled by Aaron regarding the taxonomy project.
- Aaron to follow up with Maria using a different email address.
- Aaron to find the email with the details of the Julia workshop and inform the team.
- Schedule a test run after a team meeting.
- Consider inviting an external speaker for the "Getting Things Done" framework.
- Maximilian to focus on methodological feedback for the colloquium talk.

### Side Comments
- No side comments were made during the meeting.
```
