## Meeting Summary

### Participants
- Aaron Peikert
- Valentin Kriegmair
- Maximilian Ernst
- Hannes Diemerling
- Moritz
- Nicholas
- Andreas Brandmaier

### Discussed
- Modeling conference: Aaron suggested discussing upcoming conferences for the next year during a meeting with Oman. The group agreed to update the repository of conferences before December to determine attendance and create a budget.
- Progress on taxonomy: Anna Lumen's absence due to sickness caused a delay in progress on the taxonomy. Aaron will have a meeting with her next Monday and invited others to join by confirming their participation via email.
- Poster update: Maximilian confirmed that his poster was officially entrance.
- Equity representative meeting: Aaron invited Maria, the equity representative, to present on equity during a team meeting. However, she has not responded, so Aaron plans to follow up on the invitation.
- Julia workshop: Aaron discussed the idea of organizing a Julia workshop at the Institute with Mike. Dates for the workshop were suggested, but the email with the dates was not available during the meeting. Hannes mentioned that the available dates were November 10th, 11th, 14th, and 17th. Aaron will check the email and decide on the workshop date.
- Getting things done framework: Aaron discussed the "Getting Things Done" framework with Hannah's, Nicholas, and movers. He proposed spending 2 hours on a quick start on this methodology. Maximilian expressed interest, and Andreas suggested inviting an external speaker or seeking funding from YMCA or a graduate school.

### Additional discussion points
- Aaron mentioned that the company behind the "Getting Things Done" framework will release a version for teams next year, and suggested inviting someone to discuss implementing it as a team.
- Aaron will email Nicholas to confirm if he has officially reached guest status.
- Hannes and Maximilian confirmed a date of December 13th for their presentation.
- Aaron suggested scheduling a test run of the presentation after one of the team meetings.
- Maximilian explained that he already has several presentations scheduled and would prefer not to have a fifth one in October, but is open to presenting in the colloquium later.
- Aaron mentioned that Maximilian could present his vision for the future as part of the colloquium.
- The group discussed the number of presentations and the importance of Maximilian's inclusion based on the decision made by Oman.
- Andreas Brandmaier mentioned that it would be difficult to decline being on the list by Oman.

### Action Items
- Update the repository of conferences before December - Aaron
- Attend the meeting with Anna Lumen on Monday at 3 PM - Interested participants to email Aaron
- Follow up with Maria regarding the equity representative meeting - Aaron
- Check the email for the suggested dates for the Julia workshop - Aaron
- Decide on the date for the Julia workshop based on the available dates - Aaron
- Explore the possibility of inviting an external speaker or seeking funding for the "Getting Things Done" framework session - Aaron
- Email Nicholas to confirm guest status - Aaron
- Schedule a test run of the presentation after a team meeting - Hannes
- Consider presenting Maximilian's vision as part of the colloquium - Aaron

Format:
```
## Meeting Summary

### Participants

### Discussed
- **<Participant 1>:** <participants Message>
    - point 1
    - point 2
    - ...
- **<Participant 2>:** <participants Message>
    - point 1
    - point 2
    - ...

### Action Items
- <a-list-of-follow-up-actions-with-owner-names>

### Side Comments <if any were made>
```